## Idee per i prossimi passi:
X Creare un HMM con covariate dinamiche
- Creare un HMM semplice gaussiano per il confronto dei risultati
- Analizzare l'algoritmo Adam come funziona e il SVI
X Studiare altre forme di ottimizzazione della loss
- Scrivere tutta la parte matematica che c'è dietro al lavoro già svolto
X Fare model explaination: e.g. prendere delle osservazioni e vedere come la PD cambia nel tempo in base ai loro dati
- montare presentazione
X sperimentare numero di stati
- test D di coven su distribuzioni empiriche dati reali e simulati
- fare modello base per fare test con il nostro modello
- dividere in training and testing dataset
- ??MATRICE CON MARGINALI


zenodo per brevetti codice

prima del 20 di luglio 

anche fino a 70 pagine
dal 21 al 25 ottobre

Parlare più anche nella motivazionale

Sissa no 

menziona di più la ricerca e esperienze della tesi HMM
citare le collaborazioni

mettere in risalto il fatto perché le mie competenze possono essere utili

I choosen the scholarship for variational inference appplied to onchological data because in my last year I studied Variational Inference methods and I would like to investigate more. 
In fact, I'm using Variational Inference in my thesis too.
Moreover, this scholarship contain also an ethical scope that make it more enthusiastic and nobel the topic.
The second scholarship, AI models to prevent ad predict ephidemiologies and pandemies, was select due to the complexity of modeling the reality. 
It's a really hard task to predict variables due to social factors  and not only.

I want to start a PhD program because I feel as I can learn and give more to the academical sector. For this reason I would like to investigate the next 3 years in the   research.
During my master, I worked for one and a half year as biostatistician for the local health authority.
I was the responsable about statistical plan and reporting for a national researching project, I developed a lot of models and statistics and we published some scientific papers.
I also spoke in some conference in front of hundreads of doctors presenting the statistical results of our project.
This experience let me discovered the passion for the research and this is the main reason why I decided to apply in ADSAI.
I wanna investigate more about medical and biological sector, giving my statistical contrbution.  
I think that a PhD in ADSAI can lead me to focus on specificly what I like it. In a company I should just follow the interest of that company.
I want to do a PhD in ADSAI because I want to investigate more about models. I love to extract information about data via models. 
My both thesis are based on developing ML models and I'm excited when I discover new path from the complex, or some times simple, data. 
Trieste is my city, where I studied my bachelor and master, I know really well the university enviroment and I'm sure that I will get the best from that.



aggiungere covid * age